So this structure here, this rating bar have these stars and so forth.
I already have created this composable so that you don't have to do anything or you have to worry about
it.
So I'm going to just show you the code a little bit here that is created.
Okay, so let's go to components.
That's where I added it, and I have this very simple reading bar.
So see here, I'm passing my fire, have a rating and I have one press on press ratings, so I'm going
to pass the actual rating as an intro.
And then of course, I have a few states here for rating state selected sites.
This is for animation, as we will see later.
So what I'm doing here, I'm creating the size that's going to be animated for nice damping ratio of
medium bouncy animation here.
It's essentially the target selected.
We're going to change the the size from 42 dpi to thirty four and we're going to use this spring.
Animation has this kind of like jumpy kind of bounce animation.
These are the states we're going to be using.
OK, so and then I'll just create a row.
So essentially, I'm creating this row here where all of these stars will be laid out.
OK, so then a crater full look, because we know we're going to have five stars at the top, so you
can maybe add 10 stars whatever you want, but five is the usually the norm.
So I'm going to loop through to one five inclusive and then I'm going to paint an icon.
I do have a resource called Base Line, Star added.
It's added already, you know, resources go to draw.
There it is, right?
So you will have access to all of these so you don't have to worry about it.
And so I'm calling that some creating stars.
Essentially, I'm creating these stars such and passing the size, my body size that's going to be added
animated and using this animated state there.
And then it passed this point interop filter.
If you have over, it's in special input modifier provides access to the underlying motion events or
recently dispatched to compose.
Essentially, what we want to do here is we want to catch the motion of, for instance, action down.
So when we click on each one of these items, we want something that happens, that what we do, that's
what we doing.
So we want to catch that action, that event, that motion event.
So then we have an app that gives us the motion event object.
Then I'm going to put inside of a wine expression.
So if the action is action down when we tap.
On either one of these.
What's going to happen, what we're going to see selected is true, meaning then that item was selected.
In this case, the star will select whatever was selected it right?
And then I'm going to pass the on press reading.
I write this entirely of the item that was pressed.
And of course, the writing state is going to change to that.
I was going to be the.
Value.
So if I press the first one, the ratings would be one second one.
Ratings every two and so forth.
This, I hear remember, is from this I now for the.
So we will know exactly who knows the count of the items stars that we have.
That's all we're doing, OK?
And Motion Up Select is false, meaning when we stop selecting or touching or tapping, then there's
no more motion happening.
So that's why we say select is false, meaning we haven't selected anything.
And then we just pass through to say to get out of this point or interrupt filter.
And because we're still inside of this icon there, we can't go ahead and pass it tint you and we got
to put an if statement.
So if if I meaning the.
Indexes that are we are looking through to create these ratings, these stars, if I is less than reading
state, might.
The color is going to be this one here, so what are we going to do?
We're going to have this yellow color.
Else we're going to change to this color.
These are different colors.
So essentially, he's changing the state of the color as well.
So beginning going to be like this as we click, we're going to change that start to a yellow color.
So that's how this works.
It's very simple, but take it time to study this a little bit.
So we're going to use this rating in our reader book right here.
So what's going to be driving this rating?
That's the question.
What's going to be driving?
This rating is going to be first.
It's going to be from our book because book when we save it, we will have some sort of rating this
case, the rating, it's zero.
So we can look at this book rating to see what we have from the database and go from there.
So we have access to that book, so we can say book.
Rating.
I'm going to say to ENT because they come in as stables when I go to ENT and I say that.
So I can have this blog where you do work, so I'm going to pass that into that we're getting from our
reading.
So essentially the reading.
So in fact, I can just see rating.
Like that?
Took place like that.
OK, so here I'm going to pass a rating.
Impartiality.
And now on press here, I'm going to pass another lamp to, in fact, let's just go and do the lambda
directly like this.
Looks like this needs some help.
Let's say, although this.
OK, so now inside here, I'm going to have that reading, so why do I need to do is I'm going to set
up another value at the top here.
I remember because this needs to change in our impossible and zero rating Val.
It's going to be, I remember.
Interval.
State of it's kind of an integer, so just put it zero like this.
So now we are going to use it by saying, sign it raining foul saying to white or rating in this case
that we're getting.
Or it in fact, let's just make this better by saying rating like that.
OK, so we can take that rating we can and pass that to rating for our state because we want to make
sure that this shows up in our composable right.
And that's it.
So let's go ahead and run.
OK.
Click.
Voila, there it is.
So now I'm going to go on my phone, tap, you see, there's that nice animation that we added it as
a tap may actually change the status and changing the values of the star so that three stars and so
forth.
All right.
Very nice.
All this is happening in our writing.
Composable that we created, and really, you will see something interesting here if I go to our fi
store.
Will change one of these sweeping I don't know which book this is, but let me add for an update now
just waiting for.
Let's go back to one of these books.
I don't know which one was that, that's not the one it should reflect that, you see, because we changed
this one to four.
If I change this to three, let's say one, so you can see an update.
And I go back, I know what book, which book this is.
Click See.
So it's getting exactly for us because that's what's driving everything really in the beginning is going
to check to see if from our book reading, we have something.
And when I use that, that something's this case going to be the interior to pass into our ratings.
So that's why reading at first going to see it, which is going to be these, are we getting there?
And then further, we're going to pass that, Lamberto, because we have that lambda for one click because
we clicking right to set it up.
And as we do that, we're going to set the rating value because we're going to need this later, right
to save it.
At some point, we're going to be saving this updates to the book.
That's why we're passing rating that foul in passing this rating that we have so far in our rating bar.
So case, if we go change it to three now this rating Val value is going to be three.
In fact, if I come here and I say Log Lagarde.
And pass our.
Rating.
Well, that value.
We will see.
Exactly what I'm talking about, let's go ahead and open a lock at.
OK.
This guy.
I click here, you can see now forms to go.
See, changing that and it's changing accordingly.
I get great, so what I want you to do is to create these two buttons, delete or update and delete.
It's very easy.
You can do that.
Go ahead and do that before we go to the next video.